Marcio/web-gateway (#1650)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/distributed-web/src/content/ipfs-gateway/connecting-website.md

dashboard and can be managed through [our
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#dns-records-for-a-zone-update-dns-record). If
your website is not on Cloudflare, and you need help finding the DNS records,

> [look here](https://support.projectshield.withgoogle.com/s/article/Find-your-Domain-Name-System-DNS-records?language=en_US).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[refer to Project Shield's guide.](https://support.projectshield.withgoogle.com/s/article/Find-your-Domain-Name-System-DNS-records?language=en_US).
```
